Mentioning primary key in the add documents section (#2013)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/quick_start.md

Meilisearch currently only accepts data in JSON, NDJSON, and CSV formats. You can read more about this in our [documents guide](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#dataset-format).
:::

The previous command added documents from `movies.json` to a new index called `movies` and set `id` as the primary key. If it isn't set manually, Meilisearch [infers](/learn/core_concepts/primary_key.md#meilisearch-guesses-your-primary-key) it from your dataset. 

Every index must have a [primary key](/learn/core_concepts/primary_key.md#primary-field), an attribute shared across all documents in that index. If you try adding documents to an index and even a single one is missing the primary key, none of the documents will be stored.

> 
> 
> By default, Meilisearch combines consecutive document requests into a single batch and processes them together. This process is called [auto-batching](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#auto-batching), and it significantly speeds up indexing. After adding documents, you should receive a response like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

By default, Meilisearch combines consecutive document requests into a single batch and processes them together. This process is called [auto-batching](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#auto-batching), and it significantly speeds up indexing. After adding documents, you should receive a response like this:
```

Meilisearch currently only accepts data in JSON, NDJSON, and CSV formats. You can read more about this in our [documents guide](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#dataset-format).
:::

> The previous command added documents from `movies.json` to a new index called `movies` and sets id as there primary key.
> Every index has a [primary key](/learn/core_concepts/primary_key.html#primary-field), an attribute that must be shared across all documents in that index. If you attempt to add documents to an index and even a single one is missing the primary key, none of the documents will be stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous command added documents from `movies.json` to a new index called `movies` and set `id` as the primary key. If it isn't set manually, Meilisearch [infers](/learn/core_concepts/primary_key.md#meilisearch-guesses-your-primary-key) it from your dataset. 

Every index must have a [primary key](/learn/core_concepts/primary_key.html#primary-field), an attribute shared across all documents in that index. If you try adding documents to an index and even a single one is missing the primary key, none of the documents will be stored.

```
